[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we're with Sébastien Martin, a
retired chairman of the board
of a multinational business
who has participated in covert
remote viewing assignments
for the CIA analyst.
Today we are talking about
secret underground facilities
at Sandia Labs.
Sébastien, welcome.
>> SÉBASTIEN MARTIN: Well, thank
you for having me again, Emery.
>> EMERY: Oh, one of my
favorite topics, of course,
since I've worked there,
Sandia Laboratories.
I'm so excited to interview
you about this because you
have a lot of
corresponding information
that relates to a lot of
stuff that I've been through.
So tell me, what is
going on at Sandia Labs?
And how did you come
to this information?
We had talked
about this at lunch
a little bit so I'm so
excited to get into it.
Go ahead.
>> MARTIN: For sure.
I was not privy to the
Sandia Labs as a facility.
Like, I didn't know
anything about it.
I was only asked to remote view
the place to see the type of ETs
that they held there.
So for me, like, I
was given a target,
but it was not coordinates.
They just gave me the
name and from the name
I was able to be there.
Like see it with my
remote viewing skills,
I was able to go straight on
the ground 25 floors down,
seeing those beings.
They were basically in cells,
but they were mostly glass,
like thick glass.
And they could see each other.
And the floor to me
was solid, obviously.
And then there were some like
doors basically opening up--
I don't know if it was
opening up this way.
And some gas was
emanating from that.
And I saw some solid
foods that I would not
recognize that was
also coming up as well.
So depending on the type of
ET that was in those cells,
they were fed differently.
And that surprised me because
the first thing that I saw was,
one, there were different
species together.
Two, they felt like they
were harmless in a way,
but I assumed that there could
have been dangerous to us
in any shape or form, I
think through telepathy,
through their
physical form, just
by breathing in different
environments and what
kind of toxic gas that
they would release onto us
and potentially kill
us, be poisonous.
And the third thing
I've noticed about them
was that they felt distressed.
They were all feeling
distressed because they
were a product of analysis that
they were being analyzed for.
That's why they were captured.
And they were not
consenting to be there.
>> EMERY: Do you mind telling me
who asked you to do the remote
view?
>> MARTIN: My CIA contact told
me to just target that because I
had my own ET counter,
and from that,
just to be at peace with other
races and what was out there
and what was about to encounter
through those missions,
to be able to see and not being
frightened by other races that
were out there.
>> EMERY: Right.
Could you tell us a little bit
about your contact experience
with that ET?
>> MARTIN: That
happened in 2011.
I was waking up from a dream,
and I was basically in my bed.
And I could remember this being.
I could only see his
torso and up to his head.
And I could see him smiling at
me with a very bright smile.
And his cheekbones were high up.
He had big eyes,
bigger than human eyes,
and he had, like, wavy hair,
almost like a Californian surfer
dude.
But the physical
appearance, like I said,
the eyes were like three times
the size of a human eyes.
But that still shook
me just from seeing
that because it
looked different,
and it seemed like
he recognized me.
And that was-- like I
said, it was just a dream.
But yet when I went
to work that day,
and I remember I was the
only one in the office
because it was the 11 of
November, 2011, so 11, 11, 11.
And I looked at my
screen, computer screen,
and I looked through the window.
My house was on the other side.
And I could see basically that
being that I saw in my dreams
through in my field of vision.
So the body would not go away.
Like, he would still be
there for the whole day.
And I was just wondering why.
So in the evenings I
went back to my house,
and I decided to meditate on it.
And I poured myself
a chamomile tea,
and I was waiting for it to
seep over on the counter.
And I sit down
and close my eyes,
and I could feel the energy
going like this around me,
gravitate like moving.
And I could feel that, and
then all of a sudden it
stopped moving around me.
When I opened my eyes, it was
actually standing up right
in front of me.
And he was basically--
I had a bookshelf
next to the TV,
and he was standing up right
in front of the bookshelf.
And I could see this blue
glow of energy around him.
He looked physical to me.
So when that being
showed up, I just
realized that, first of all, I
was completely frozen in fear.
I was on my sofa and I was
looking at it with my open eyes
and I could not move.
And I could not stand up.
My first reaction was trying
to stand up and act and protect
my family and all of that.
That was not the case.
I was unable to move.
And so then he said to me
telepathically, he said,
don't worry.
This is all normal.
There's nothing to fear.
And he said, my name is Zoar.
And I'm from the
Galactic Alliance.
That's what I remember.
He didn't say
Galactic Federation,
he just said Galactic Alliance.
And after that, he
kind of explained to me
that we had this life
which was illusory.
It was temporary.
It was just like a bad movie.
And that we are connected with
our soul energies to them.
They know who we are.
>> EMERY: And what race
is this extraterrestrial?
>> MARTIN: Pleiadian.
>> EMERY: Pleiadian.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
And so I basically
didn't know how long
this lasted because to me it
felt like 10 minutes, 15 minutes
at the most.
And then when he
vanished in a haze,
so that's when I realized
he was not physical.
I stood up and I was walking
back towards my kitchen counter
to grab my tea, and that's when
I realized that the tea was
cold, when I put it to my lips.
And I looked at the clock and I
had 2.5 hours of missing time.
And so in the meantime, that
being came back to see me,
like, not physically,
but only once.
But telepathically
he spoke to me
and then he shared
more information
with me, which was
relating to the ET beings
and part of the alliance
that they were a part of.
And so that's why
there was a correlation
between that being with
those beings at Sandia Labs
were actually part of
the Galactic Alliance,
and not necessarily
enemies of the human race.
>> EMERY: And how many
did you see of these--
you said, there's
different rooms.
Like, how many?
>> MARTIN: I saw--
it was a while ago so.
>> EMERY: Yeah, sure, sure.
I mean--
>> MARTIN: There was maybe
like five on one row only,
but there was some
more on the other side.
So--
>> EMERY: What was in the
middle between the two?
>> MARTIN: It's just a row.
A row like an alleyway
for scientists or--
>> EMERY: What color were
these rooms made out of glass?
Was there a backdrop?
>> MARTIN: I did not see--
I don't remember the
backdrop of those rooms.
I remember the front glass,
which was pretty thick,
and there were all the same,
the side glasses, which
were exactly the same as well.
So they could see one another.
>> EMERY: Did you remember what
these extraterrestrials looked
like, any of them?
Could you describe
those in detail?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
There were a lot of
humanoid shapes in there,
and there were some that
looked-- resembled almost
like a brain.
And this is what
struck me the most is
it was a standalone being
that was there, that didn't
look like anything like human.
And when the feed came
through the floor,
I did not see anything
coming out of his room,
but I knew that it was
a gas coming through.
And I didn't know what
was the substance of it
or how it was made
of, nothing, but I
could see it with my own
eyes like a mini movie.
It was actually happening
and I could see it.
That was striking to me.
But I was not focusing
on the other rooms,
for some reason I was not
curious enough to just go
around and look around.
I was just looking sideways on
all these rooms and these ET
beings on that row.
And one of them was
like yellowish--
yellowish in color, very
humanoid, like a broomstick.
Like the head was kind
of elongated and the nose
was long as well, but not very
long, and thin, very thin.
Very, very small, tiny eyes.
And I couldn't really tell--
I don't remember the eyes, if
there was an iris or anything
else, but I remember that there
was an opening and that's it.
The reason why I couldn't
describe the others
is because I could
see the first two,
and the third and the
fourth and the fifth
were not very clear because
they were all on one line.
>> EMERY: Got it.
>> MARTIN: It's almost like they
were not like moving around.
They were quite peaceful in
a way, but they were all--
pretty much from
my field of vision,
they were all on the same row
and they were not really moving.
So, like I said, I could
distinct two of them,
and then the third one I
barely remember what it was.
And I don't know about the
fourth and the fifth one.
>> EMERY: So why do
you think, Sébastien,
you think it would
be more private?
Of course, I've
seen a lot of these
but what do you know
about the walls are glass
even next to other
captured extraterrestrials?
>> MARTIN: Yes,
that's interesting.
What I was able to
pick up from that,
this is not something that you
can see through remote viewing,
but as a remote viewer
you can also feel.
You get information,
and what strikes me
the most at that moment
was that the glass,
the glass between each other
was really tamper proof.
They were not able
to hear each other.
>> EMERY: Communicate, right.
>> MARTIN: They could
not communicate.
Telepathic communications
could not go through.
This was on purpose
to distress them
more so they could extract
more information from them,
because the people holding
them were not friendly to them.
They were prisoners.
They were not there out of
their own will, therefore,
if they could see each other
but not communicate, that's--
it's a huge stress on them.
Because telepathy and
telepathic communication
is very important
to their races,
and, therefore, without that
they feel like powerless
in a way.
So if they do extract these
kind of informations from them,
then they bring that
prisoner back to their cell
and they could just
look at each other
and they won't know
what they talk about.
So that's where, really,
the fine line of psychology
plays a role in the ET
races present there.
And it does work.
>> EMERY: So why do you
think in Sandia Labs that
they've captured these
galactic friends?
Because you know one.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> EMERY: Why would they
treat them like that?
>> MARTIN: Just to
extract information.
And the people working for the
government or for Sandia Labs
at the time, they were
in it to get information,
to extract information at any
cost, even to their lives.
And they didn't care.
They didn't have a signed
contract with the Alliance
so they wanted to reverse
engineer more technology.
They want to access to
more information that was
critical to them at that time.
And so they had to get it in
any shape, or form, in any way
they could.
That's pretty much why
they were doing it.
But those races were
friends to humanity,
for sure, but not necessarily
to the people they were--
>> EMERY: Not to that
organization or corporation.
>> MARTIN: Organization
or corporation, exactly.
>> EMERY: So what other unique
things did you observe there?
Did you see workers?
Did you see regular
people that would work
there tending to the prisoners?
>> MARTIN: Funnily enough, no.
When I saw those beings,
they were just by themselves.
It almost looked like I could
feel the human presence,
but they were not
specifically there.
They were observing them,
for sure, however, I
believe that they
left them on purpose
so they could stress them more.
So to give them some--
give them some time to
start wandering and--
who said what and
those kind of things.
>> EMERY: Were you able
to connect to any of those
extraterrestrials
when you are viewing?
Or did any of them
look over at you?
>> MARTIN: That's
a good question.
No.
I observed them all, and
none of them noticed me.
But I was able to
connect to them.
>> EMERY: Because
you felt this--
>> MARTIN: I felt the presence,
I could feel the anxiety
so, therefore, there was
a contact to some extent.
And I think that
they were not feeling
invaded for me being there
and trying to look at them,
so they kind of let me
without judging and without--
I think they probably felt
me but they didn't judge.
>> EMERY: Did you
smell anything?
>> MARTIN: I didn't
smell anything.
No.
>> EMERY: No.
>> MARTIN: No.
I think if I smelled something,
that wouldn't be a good thing--
>> EMERY: Because you're there.
>> MARTIN: --because of the
gases that they use to feed
those beings, one of them.
And even the food itself, I
think, was not that human-like.
So I don't know what
kind of substance
it was, but it was solid but it
didn't look like anything that I
recognized as a food.
>> EMERY: Right.
And some of their
food is actually
poisonous to us and
some of those gases
that they use to keep them alive
in their own atmosphere are
deadly to us.
>> MARTIN: Right.
But the physical food that
I've seen served on a plate--
it was on a plate--
it just showed up
on the surface.
>> EMERY: Oh, right, when
it came out of the ground.
>> MARTIN: When it
came out of the ground.
It looked like a jello.
Does it make sense?
Like cubes of food that's
somewhat transparent,
somewhat like more solid or
opaque, but there was no origin.
I didn't recognize where
it was or what was in it.
>> EMERY: Weren't you surprised
that the CIA is asking you
to remote view this super
top secret area that they
don't really kind
of know about it?
Or do they?
>> MARTIN: They do.
Like I said, some
of the agents know
because they do
work for the SSP,
and some regular CIA
operatives don't necessarily
know about the Sandia Labs
because they have nothing
to do with it.
And they haven't been assigned
to this job in particular, so.
>> EMERY: Now, what did
you tell the officer that--
what was your-- what
did you tell him?
>> MARTIN: I described what I
saw and said, you are right.
>> EMERY: Oh, she
said, you're right.
That was another test maybe.
>> MARTIN: I think it was
just for my own confirmation.
She knew that they were there.
She just wanted me to observe
them from my own point of view
and ask me about
how I felt about it.
>> EMERY: How did
you feel about it?
>> MARTIN: Like I said, I
could feel their distress,
and I didn't-- that didn't make
me feel good because I knew that
they were trapped and that
they could not get out.
And they wanted to
get out, but they
didn't know how long this was
going to last, or nothing.
>> EMERY: So how is the protocol
that you have to go through when
she calls you up to say, hey,
I need you to do this mission.
>> MARTIN: So for me
it works differently.
I could just be given like a
picture, and from that picture
I'm able to remote
view that person.
I could be given
a name, and that's
also sometimes sufficient,
especially for locations.
But I'm not given coordinates,
I'm not given any locations,
nothing.
Just names and pictures.
So for this mission
specifically,
I was just told the name
of Sandia Labs, which
I'd never heard of, and
I was able to connect it
to the desert.
So the feelings I
had when I first
felt it was like sand and hot.
And then right away
from that feeling,
I was inside those cells.
Not inside the cells but
I was seeing those cells
in a row from the
outside of the cell.
And I was instantly
being sent there,
knowing where I
was, like, almost
on what level, what floor.
And I could feel the
importance of the site.
I could feel how big it was.
I had a lot of sense
going from seeing
those aliens to everything
else that was in that facility.
>> EMERY: How large was it?
>> MARTIN: It was very large.
I don't know.
You talk about going down
25 feet, that's 25 levels.
This was going further down.
I didn't know the
actual depth of it.
You probably do.
>> EMERY: No, I don't, actually.
>> MARTIN: You don't?
>> EMERY: No.
>> MARTIN: Like, basically,
it was very wide as well
and on the ground.
So it was not just one line.
It was not like you
take an elevator shaft
and you go into one
room or two rooms.
It was massive.
It was huge.
That was my feeling.
And it was not just for
this particular floor,
each floor was
different in size.
So some were wider,
some were smaller.
Thus, these are the feelings
that I got from that experience.
And I don't know the use of each
floor, obviously, or anything
else but when I
went there, I had
this general feel of the place.
And it's almost like
a radar, ecography
through the whole thing like in
one swoop and then feeling that.
>> EMERY: How did you know that
that was Sandia and not like
another secret laboratory?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
So in remote viewing, when
you go through protocols,
you can be given
coordinates like targets,
these whole things.
I never got trained through
the Monroe Institute
to do remote viewing.
I know of the people there,
I've worked with them
but not necessarily using
their method because I
can't connect to their method.
Like the breathing techniques
and the meditation part,
that's fine because that's
kind of generic to me.
And I've used
transcendental meditation
since I was a child so
for me that was normal.
But for this
particular instance,
because I could just naturally
remote view locations or people,
I don't waste time.
For me, it's all about truth.
If you tell me to do something,
I just do it truthfully,
and that's what I do.
I don't do anything else.
And so I have zero agenda for
looking at something else that
was not supposed to be there.
So if you tell me,
go to Sandia Labs,
I say, OK, I'll go
got Sandia Labs.
That's it.
It's as simple as that.
I don't have time to waste.
>> EMERY: It's instant.
>> MARTIN: It's instant, and
I'll just stick to the target
for whatever I'm asked to do.
>> EMERY: Tell me the
instructions that she gave you
for the mission.
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
So, again, that happened
a long time ago.
And when she asked
me to go, she said,
if you want to feel better,
more comfortable about the ETs--
because I had an
encounter of my own
and I didn't have many but at
that time, and so she said,
go to Sandia Labs and it'll
make you feel better about it.
So I do believe that she
did say to see some ETFs,
but she wasn't very
specific about what
I was supposed to be seeing and
under what context or anything
else.
Just said Sandia Labs,
ETs, end of the story.
>> EMERY: It was
really negative though.
She said, you'll feel better
if you go, you just said.
>> MARTIN: Not better, just to
feel more at ease with those
beings because for me, like
seeing an ET in my living room
was quite surprising
and disturbing,
and I was not used to that.
So because I was unprepared
for this kind of world,
she kind of tried to help me
out with this down the line.
And this was-- I'm talking
about that in 2016.
>> EMERY: Do you think she did
this to prep you for a future ET
contact?
>> MARTIN: Yes, I believe so.
I think she knew that those
beings were coming into my life
more and more through missions.
What I've experienced
with the stargates,
that was to me very
shocking and disturbing.
And the feeling that I had
being attacked psychically
was definitely a
negative in my life
and I didn't know
how to handle this.
And so I didn't know who were
friendly and who were foes.
So for me I had to
be prepared, and I
was obviously anxious
about potential ETs
that I may see in the future.
So I think that was to ease
me into the role of seeing
potential future ETs even
through remote viewing role.
>> EMERY: Let's go back a
little bit and tell me about
your second encounter with Zoar.
>> MARTIN: So I was
contacted in 2011,
and then the next contact
after that was in 2015.
So it took some time.
I was in communication
with Zoar,
and the rest of my staff family,
telepathically for this time.
But last time he came to see
me, I was just watching a movie
and he just appeared to
me telepathically then.
And I could basically just feel
the energy of the room change.
There were
silhouettes, including
heels, on the back wall.
And they were all lined up,
and they were looking at me.
And I could move.
I was not like the first time.
I was able to sit down,
but for some reason
I was asked to meditate.
And I did for out of
the blue for no reason.
I don't know why even I did it.
>> EMERY: It helps
you see them better.
Yeah.
>> MARTIN: I sat down.
And as I was meditating
with my eyes closed,
I remember seeing
two golden rings.
Like one ring going like
this around my body and then
the other one going
the other way.
And then they were
moving slowly.
And then I opened my eyes
and I could still see them.
And those rings kept being
in motion for a long time,
until it formed a sphere,
like a golden sphere that
was going that fast.
And then through that I
could see sparks in the room.
Those beings were
still in the back.
I could still see them.
And then all of a
sudden I could see
what looked like mandalas like
different shapes and sizes
going on a 5% decline in
front of me, like moving down.
And I didn't know what it meant.
I just saw them.
I just didn't know
what they meant.
And then, telepathically,
I heard a message.
And the message was, be
aware of the Anunnaki.
That was it.
That's all I heard.
>> EMERY: And did that come to
fruition at any point during
your work where the
Anunnaki contacted you?
I mean, I know you worked with
things the Anunnaki built.
>> MARTIN: Yes, yes.
>> EMERY: And maybe that
rubbed off on you a little bit,
that energy.
You know what I mean?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
I guess the line between
Pleiadians and Anunnaki
to me was fairly
blurry for a while
because I could not
somewhat distinguish them,
from my experience.
I was being confused for
saying, we are one and the same
or we are basically-- we
say we are the Anunnaki
but we are actually Pleiadians.
Like I said, I didn't
really study the topic.
I did not go on
websites to find out
about the Pleiadians or
people experiencing Pleiadians
or Anunnakis so for me it was
based on what I could feel
and the information
that I was receiving.
And I saw that I relied on.
And so for me, I was
really confused by that.
And then from my
experiences going
into the stargate
and the pyramid,
then that's when I knew that
they were not one and the same.
>> EMERY: Did Zoar give you any
idea that there was a lineage
connection?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
So at first, no.
All I could feel from
him when he saw me
with his big, bright smile
was that he recognized me
but I did not recognize him.
It's only when I went
through regressions,
I went through
clinical hypnotherapy,
and only through that was I able
to realize that he considered
me to be his little brother,
or he was my little brother.
And he came to see
me against protocol.
That's what I've been told.
So he was not supposed to be
coming over and awakened me
or trying to make
me see more things.
He came because he
wanted to see me,
and everything changed
for me since then.
>> EMERY: With your experience
with Zoar and, of course,
witnessing these
extraterrestrials being held
against their will, what
conclusion did you come to that
you were shown all of this?
I mean, there must be a
message you're contemplating.
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
I believe that within
our governments,
there are many factions
and offices that
work towards their own agenda.
They want to know more.
They want to reverse engineer
equipment as well, technology,
without knowing what
goes on next door.
Because they only know
so much and they only
have whatever they
have available too
and so they use whatever
material and whatever beings
they have to their disposal
without truly understanding
the larger picture.
That's one aspect of it.
And then there's the
SSP side of things where
they know about aliens and ETs.
They do capture aliens
as well, but that's--
they're not friends of
the SSP or they're just
definitely enemies.
So that's different.
They work on a different level
because they are more advanced
and they have more
access to technologies
that are still considered
science fiction to us today.
So for them, they have
broader information
than the regular
governments don't have.
>> EMERY: Right.
Well, Sébastien, this has
been an amazing interview.
I want to thank you
for coming on the show.
>> MARTIN: Oh, well, thank
you for having me again.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]